Someone took off his clothes and she gave them to me.
The Queen was angry.
I'm pregnant with a dragon.
Can't get cold.
Yes, Mom.
After family dinner.
The child punishes her.
What do you think?
Pregnant Dragon
Who can't
Your Majesty, you are the Lord of the world.
This woman is missing.
Whose house will hold the draft tomorrow.
Find you some beautiful people.
Then mom...
Let's do it.
The owner was too careless this time.
The Queen
I'm not wearing Hoai Nam's Su Cam.
It's the two sides of the North.
Two Sides
Both sides are embroidered.
Mom, these are really two sides of Huaibei.
Did you forget that I was a princess?
Just embroidery pattern on the lining
It's become two sides of Huai Bac's specialty.
Help!
Get the princess's coat.
The princess is cold.
The scheming girl
If no one at home protects you at the party at home
The one who was undressed was you.
The Yao Feng Lien family was not in this harem for only a year.
You have directly lost your grace.
Whose house have you disgraced?
She asked her to save her niece.
That seedling four hi
Many tricks
It's clear today.
She can still turn danger into days.
That scheming girl.
A little trick
If you don't kill her...
This position of harem owner can let her sit.
The aunt wants a niece.
Tonight.
Kill her directly.
We're here.
I'll handle the logistics for you.
Lord of this harem
It's the Yao family we're in charge of.